Add the branch tag option (#13)
machine-learning-apps/gpr-docker-publish: README.md

1. `cache`: if value is `true`, attempts to use the last pushed image as a cache.  Default value is `false`.
2. `tag`: a custom tag you wish to assign to the image.

> 3. `BRANCH_TAG`: if you want to tag the image with the current branch. This is overriden by the `tag` input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `branch_tag`: if value is `true`, will tag the image with the current branch's name.  The default value is `false`.  If a value for the input `tag` is provided, this input is ignored.
```
